# ISO Announces Revolutionary New Operator in C++

In May 2023, the ISO C++ Standards Committee announced a revolutionary new feature to be added to the C++ specification: the mulcrement operator, an operator to multiply a value by 1, similar to how "increment" and "decrement" adds or subtracts a value by 1.

This operator will, of course, be accompanied by its inverse operator; the divcrement operator, an operator to divide a value by 1.

## Symbols

The symbols of the new operators have been designated ** and // for mulcrement and divcrement respectively, similar to how the ++ and -- symbols have been used for increment and decrement. This, of course, immediately raised concerns due to ** being used to declare pointers to pointers. 

At first, the ISO refused to resolve this discrepancy. One ISO official said in an interview that "eh, C++ programmers can go figure it out themselves". However, a further review suggested that this discrepancy could potentially cause issues with code readability and the ability of compilers to differentiate effectively between the 2 operators. 

So, in order to resolve this conflict, the ISO has announced that henceforth, all pointers, including pointers-to-pointers, will be declared with the left arrow Unicode symbol U+2190 (←). This was deemed as a fitting symbol for the pointer chiefly due to its highly intuitive appearance. For example, in C++ main method headers, instead of the old-fashioned
int main(int argc, char** argv)
one would now use:
int main(int argc, char←← argv)
which is clearly a much more intuitive symbol than the asterisk; the former has no coorelation to the functionality of pointers, while the latter is quite literally an arrow pointing to something else. In the argv parameter, the first arrow is pointing left, and one can clearly see that it is pointing to the "char" type, indicating that char← is a pointer to a char. The second arrow points to the first arrow, indicating that it is a pointer pointing to a pointer, which is pointing to a char.

## Reaction

This decision led to further outrage by a group of what is being described by the ISO as "radical anarchist programmers", this time saying that many keyboards are not capable of easily typing Unicode characters. The ISO has responded with further statements, saying that "they can simply copy-and-paste the arrow characters, that's what you have the clipboard for", and that "people who aren't capable of typing Unicode characters should go cry about it".

This update was met with apathy and indifference from Linus Torvalds, the creator of the Linux kernel and avid C enthusiast. In an interview held last week, when asked for comment about the revolutionary new change, he responded that he "doesn't really care, it's not like the C++ language was ever worth using anyway".

On the other hand, several organizations that maintain compilers have responded enthusiastically. In particularly, the Free Software Foundation (FSF), who most notably maintains the GCC compiler, viewed this as an "evolutionary new development in modern programming languages", and immediately released a new version of GCC including the mulcrement and divcrement operators. 

Furthermore, they also modified all binaries of previous versions of GCC found on the official GNU website. This was done, according to FSF, to maximize backwards-compatibility. Concerns were raised that legacy code would largely not function properly with the addition of this new feature, but FSF has responded to this, saying that "it's time to get a move on, really it's just a search-and-replace why are you mad about it".
